Updating readme (#479)
pulumi/pulumi-pulumiservice: README.md

[![PkgGoDev](https://pkg.go.dev/badge/github.com/pulumi/pulumi-pulumiservice/sdk/go/pulumiservice)](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pulumi/pulumi-pulumiservice/sdk/go)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/%40pulumi%2Fpulumiservice.svg)](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-pulumiservice/blob/main/LICENSE)

Pulumi Service Provider for creating Pulumi Cloud resources.

> The Pulumi Service Provider (PSP) is built on top of the [Pulumi Service REST API](https://pulumi.com/docs/reference/service-rest-api), allowing Pulumi customers to create Pulumi Cloud resources using Pulumi programs. That includes Stacks, Environments, Teams, Tokens, Webhooks, Tags, Deployment Settings, Deployment Schedules and much more! Pulumi Service Provider is especially powerful when used in combination with the [Automation API](https://pulumi.com/automation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Pulumi Service Provider (PSP) is built on top of the [Pulumi Cloud REST API](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/pulumi-cloud/reference/cloud-rest-api/), allowing Pulumi customers to create Pulumi Cloud resources using Pulumi programs. That includes Stacks, Environments, Teams, Tokens, Webhooks, Tags, Deployment Settings, Deployment Schedules and much more! Pulumi Service Provider is especially powerful when used in combination with the [Automation API](https://pulumi.com/automation).
```

> For a full list of supported resources, visit the [Pulumi Registry](https://www.pulumi.com/registry/packages/pulumiservice/). For the REST API reference documentation, visit [Pulumi Service API Documentation](https://www.pulumi.com/registry/packages/pulumiservice/api-docs/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a full list of supported resources, visit the [Pulumi Registry](https://www.pulumi.com/registry/packages/pulumiservice/). For the REST API reference documentation, visit [Pulumi Clour API Documentation](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/pulumi-cloud/reference/cloud-rest-api/).
```
